Our goals for next week include finishing the prototyped functionality from the MVP, beggining to implement the rest of the items in the product backlog, ensuring that the user database works and users can be verified, and figuring out an exciting way to differentiate our product from others in the physical design. Most of the items in the product backlog are nearly complete and then can be removed from the backlog when implemented. Some of the items in the backlog were not part of the MVP and need to be implemented and tested separately. By researching similar products, we may be able to find a way to differentiate ours in a way that improves the product. Additionally, we are working to implement a css style that will improve the user experience.

This week, we created the MVP of our product and coordinated using github. We also went through many of the assignments and were able to improve our understanding of flask even more to finish enhancing our product concept. We have created a database the hold both projects and users which will help prepare us for implementing future features from the product backlog. Our primary goal for next week is to complete tasks from the product backlog that were mostly finished for the MVP. We also will attempt to implement the basic components of our other items in the backlog and create unit tests to ensure quality in our product.

The agenda for this week is to continue dividing tasks among team members and communicate with each other on how to effectively complete our tasks. We also have to update our Trello board with the tasks completed. Additionally, we hope to decide on product specific design like name, css style, and layout. Lastly, we hope to combine the work so far into the best product we can design.

NEW FEATURE:
The additional feature that we added was the favorites feature which allows a project to become 'favorited' which will put it at the top of the list of projects in the order that they were added to the favorites list with the rest of the projects below them.
