Our goals for next week include implementing the rest of the items in the product backlog, ensuring that the user database works and users can be verified, and figuring out an exciting way to differentiate our product from others in the physical design. Most of the items in the product backlog are nearly complete and then can be removed from the backlog when implemented. Some of the items in the backlog were not part of the MVP and need to be implemented and tested separately. By researching similar products, we may be able to find a way to differentiate ours in a way that improves the product. Additionally, we are working to implement a css style that will improve the user experience.

This week, we implemented three of our extra features from the product backlog. We have created a database the hold both projects and users. This database allows us to favorite projects, share projects, and sort projects alphabetically. The CSS and HTML styles have been updated to accomodate these changes.

Our goals for next week include finishing the final item in the product backlog, determining which features to highlight in the demo video, ensuring that the project is functioning without errors, and updating the html and css styling of the project to add interest. Most of the items in the product backlog are complete and were removed from the backlog when implemented. Some of the items in the backlog were not part of the MVP and need to be tested separately to ensure quality. By researching similar products, we may be able to find a way to differentiate ours in a way that improves the product. Additionally, we are working to implement a css style that will improve the user experience.

The agenda for this week is to finish the final item in the product backlog, update the html and css to provide a more appealing user experience, record the demo video, and add a description to the homepage of our product. These steps will ensure that our product is up to a standard that we desire.